labs/05-labs-01-frinx-machine-l2vpn/2.md, before:

# Running the L2VPN workflow



In `Home --> Workflows --> Definitions` search for the workflow called **Create_L2VPN_P2P_OC_uniconfig**. A pre-filled modal should pop up.
The parameters should be as follows:

```text
node01: IOS01
interface01: GigabitEthernet1
vcid: 444
node02: IOS02
interface02: GigabitEthernet3
```

Click "Execute" and click on the workflow ID that popped up next to the "Execute" button. Gradually, the workflow spins up multiple tasks, which you can see in the "Execution flow" tab.


![l2vpn-workflow](assets/images/l2vpn-workflow.png)


In this workflow, there are several things happening:

- sync_from_network
- replace_config_with_operational
- write_structured_device_data
- commit
- decide
    - http_get_generic_instance_fail
    - http_get_generic_instance_complete
    - get_cli_journal

The `sync_from_network` makes sure that the device configuration is up to date. After that the `replace_config_with_operational` replaces the configurational datastore with the operational datastore. After that `write_structured_device_data` writes the configuration to each of the two nodes and `commit` is the command that sends this configuration to the devices. After that, in case the configuring of devices fails, `http_get_generic_instance_fail` would run next. If it is successful the `http_get_generic_instance_comlete` follows. After that `get_cli_journal` gets executed on both devices. The output of this command returns all the commands that were run on the devices, which were responsible for our intended configuration. 

You can click on each of these tasks to see further details.

Commit message:

Lab update
Edited out-of-date information and added fm-workflows section

Signed-off-by: Matej Matkuliak <mmatkuliak@frinx.io>

labs/05-labs-01-frinx-machine-l2vpn/2.md, after:

# Mount devices



In order to be able to mount run the **Create_L2VPN_P2P_OC_uniconfig** workflow, we need to have devices already mounted. We are going to work with two IOS devices.

To mount them, lets find and run the workflow called **Mount_from_inventory**. The inventory should be pre-filled for you already. You can verify that by going to `Home --> Inventory`. Click on "Discover" in the pane on the left side and you should see a list of devices similar to the following.

![inventory-devices](assets/images/inventory-devices.png)



**NOTE:**
``` text
If you are using Kibana for the first time, you will have to create a new index pattern called “inventory”.

To create a new index pattern click on “Management” in the left hand side bar, select “Index Patterns” and click on the button “Create Index Pattern”. Enter “inventory*” in the index pattern field and click “Create”.

Now click on “Discover” in the left hand side bar and you should see all devices that you have entered in the step before.
```

After confirming that the inventory is filled correctly, lets mount two IOS devices. In `Home --> Workflows --> Definitions` search for the workflow called **Mount_from_inventory**. Click on "Input" and type "IOS01" into the "id" input parameter field. Click on "Execute". On the left hand side of the "Execute" button, a workflow ID will pop up. 


![inventory-devices](assets/images/mount-from-inventory.png)


Click on it to see the progress of that workflow. Now the **IOS01** should be mounted. Do the same with the "IOS02" device.

You can verify that both devices are mounted by going to `Home --> Workflows --> UniConfig UI`. You should see something similar to this: 


![inventory-devices](assets/images/mounted-devices-uniconfig-ui.png)

[>>> Running the L2VPN workflow <<<](3.md)
