# CLL: FRINX OpenDaylight & UniConfig - First Steps

In this lab you will learn to install FRINX OpenDaylight (ODL) with UniConfig and run a number of API calls from a Postman collection to configure an IOS XE networking device. During the course of this lab you will learn how to mount a network device to FRINX ODL, how to make an API call to retrieve interface information of the IOS XE device in OpenConfig format, how to create a loopback address and set its IP address in OpenConfig format and finally how to send a native IOS command and retrieve output from the network device.

## Objective

* Understand how FRINX OpenDaylight can be used as a controller to manage complex configurations in heterogeneous networking environments
* Learn how to use FRINX ODL & UniConfig APIs to configure the network and retrieve information from  network in a common standardized format (OpenConfig) as well as in vendor specific format (e.g. IOS XE)

### Completion Time: 30 minutes

## Prerequisites

* Install <a href="https://docs.frinx.io/frinx-odl-distribution/oxygen/getting-started.html">Uniconfig</a>
* Install  <a href="https://www.postman.com/downloads/">Postman</a>
* Import <a href="https://github.com/FRINXio/Postman/tree/carbon/development/learning_labs/part1">lab collection and environment settings</a> file in Postman
* Optionally, you can simulate suitable device in your own environment, without connecting to outside device

## Simulating network XE device based on 'cli-testtool'

```
1. git clone https://github.com/FRINXio/cli-testtool

2. sudo pip install MockSSH==1.4.5

3. python mockdevice.py 127.0.0.1 10000 1 ssh devices/cisco_IOS.json
```

## Step 1: Mount IOS XE device via CLI

Once you have completed all prerequisites (see above), we begin with mounting the IOS XE device in ODL. The mount operation for NETCONF or CLI devices in FRINX ODL results in a permanent connection that is established, maintained and if necessary re-established with the device. Once a device is mounted in FRINX OpenDaylight, it can be accessed via the UniConfig framework for reading and writing configuration and operational data.

Before you mount the device, do not forget to edit the environment settings in Postman according to your setup. You find the environmnent settings in the upper right drop down list and you can edit these settings by clicking the buttons right beside the drop down list. For example, enter the correct IP address of your ODL instance. Also, make sure you enter the management IP address of the IOS XE network device as well as password and username in the environment setting in Postman.

In the Postman application, look at the left column and select the "Collections" tab, click on "sample XE collection" and find the "Mount IOS XE" PUT request.

Press "**Send**" to execute request.



```
PUT

http://{{odl_ip}}:8181/rests/data/network-topology:network-topology/topology=cli/node=cli-10000
```


The body of the request should look similar to the following:

```
{
    "network-topology:node" :
    [{
      "network-topology:node-id" : "cli-10000",
      
      "cli-topology:host" : "127.0.0.1",
      "cli-topology:port" : "10000",
      "cli-topology:transport-type" : "ssh",
      
      "cli-topology:device-type" : "ios",
      "cli-topology:device-version" : "15.3",
      
      "cli-topology:username" : "cisco",
      "cli-topology:password" : "cisco",
      
      "cli-topology:journal-size": 150,
      "cli-topology:dry-run-journal-size": 180,
      
      "cli-topology:keepalive-delay" : 45,
      "cli-topology:keepalive-timeout" : 45
    }]
}
```
Expected Status code: **201 Created**

In the next step, we will check if the device was mounted successfully.

[>>> Head to step 2: Check if the device is connected <<<](2.md)  

---
If you have any questions regarding this lab or our products in general, write to us at [support@frinx.io](mailto:support@frinx.io)
