labs/01-labs-01-odl-uniconfig-first-steps/14.md, before:

## Dry run commit

You might already be familiar with this one. It works just like the usual "commit", only it's a simulated version. That way you see what you are committing in case you want to 100% sure. After that, if your configuration passes, you can use the real commit.


Press "**Send**" to execute request.

```
POST
http://{{odl_ip}}:8181/rests/operations/dryrun-manager:dryrun-commit
```

Body should look like this:

```
{
    "input": {
        "target-nodes": {
            "node": [
                "cli-10000"
            ]
        }
    }
}
```

Response will look something like this:

```
{
    "output": {
        "overall-configuration-status": "complete",
        "node-config-results": {
            "node-config-result": [
                {
                    "nodeId": "cli-10000",
                    "configuration-status": "complete"
                }
            ]
        }
    }
}
```

Expected status code: **200 OK**

---
If you have any questions regarding this lab or our products in general, contact us at [support@frinx.io](mailto:support@frinx.io)

Commit message:

Labs fix
Added navigation to Lab1

Signed-off-by: Matej Matkuliak <mmatkuliak@frinx.io>

labs/01-labs-01-odl-uniconfig-first-steps/14.md, after:

## Dry run commit

You might already be familiar with this one. It works just like the usual "commit", only it's a simulated version. That way you see what you are committing in case you want to 100% sure. After that, if your configuration passes, you can use the real commit.


Press "**Send**" to execute request.

```
POST
http://{{odl_ip}}:8181/rests/operations/dryrun-manager:dryrun-commit
```

Body should look like this:

```
{
    "input": {
        "target-nodes": {
            "node": [
                "cli-10000"
            ]
        }
    }
}
```

Response will look something like this:

```
{
    "output": {
        "overall-configuration-status": "complete",
        "node-config-results": {
            "node-config-result": [
                {
                    "nodeId": "cli-10000",
                    "configuration-status": "complete"
                }
            ]
        }
    }
}
```

Expected status code: **200 OK**

That's it for this lab, see all of our labs here [All Frinx Labs](https://frinxio.github.io/Learning-Labs)

---
If you have any questions regarding this lab or our products in general, contact us at [support@frinx.io](mailto:support@frinx.io)
