labs/09-labs-01-access-lists-Uniconfig-native/5.md, before:

## Step 2: Commit configuration to the device 

In the Postman "Collections", in the same folder as before you will find "commit" POST request.


Press "**Send**" to execute the request.

```
POST

http://{{odl_ip}}:8181/restconf/operations/uniconfig-manager:checked-commit
```


The body of the request should look similar to the following:

```
{
            "input": {
                "target-nodes": {
                    "node": ["R1"]
                }
            }
        }
```

Expected Status code: **200 OK**

The return message will confirm the successful upload of your configuration:

```
{
    "output": {
        "overall-configuration-status": "complete",
        "node-config-results": {
            "node-config-result": [
                {
                    "nodeId": "R1",
                    "configuration-status": "complete"
                }
            ]
        }
    }
}
```

In the next step, you will create a request that will show you the access list you just deleted.

---
If you have any questions regarding this lab or our products in general, contact us at [support@frinx.io](mailto:support@frinx.io)

Commit message:

added link for next step

labs/09-labs-01-access-lists-Uniconfig-native/5.md, after:

## Step 2: Commit configuration to the device 

In the Postman "Collections", in the same folder as before you will find "commit" POST request.


Press "**Send**" to execute the request.

```
POST

http://{{odl_ip}}:8181/restconf/operations/uniconfig-manager:checked-commit
```


The body of the request should look similar to the following:

```
{
            "input": {
                "target-nodes": {
                    "node": ["R1"]
                }
            }
        }
```

Expected Status code: **200 OK**

The return message will confirm the successful upload of your configuration:

```
{
    "output": {
        "overall-configuration-status": "complete",
        "node-config-results": {
            "node-config-result": [
                {
                    "nodeId": "R1",
                    "configuration-status": "complete"
                }
            ]
        }
    }
}
```

In the next step, you will create a request that will show you the access list you just deleted.

[>>> Next, head for step 3: Show the access list <<<](6.md)

---
If you have any questions regarding this lab or our products in general, contact us at [support@frinx.io](mailto:support@frinx.io)
