# FRINX OpenDaylight & UniConfig - eBGP

In this lab, you will learn how to create and remove eBGP external gateway routing protocol on XR5 cisco devices using FRINX OpenDaylight (ODL) with UniConfig.

## Objectives

After completing this lab, you will be able to:

* Create eBGP routing protocol.
* Delete it.
* Update its properties.
* Monitor whether the protocol is running on a device or not.

### Completion Time: 30 minutes

## Prerequisites

* To make getting through this lab easier, download the Postman environment and collection that we created specifically for this lab from <a href="https://github.com/FRINXio/Postman/tree/carbon/development/learning_labs/part8">our github</a>
* This lab assumes general knowledge of using <a href="https://frinxio.github.io/Learning-Labs/labs/01-labs-01-odl-uniconfig-first-steps/">ODL and Postman</a>
* This lab assumes the reader understands what role do the routing protocols play in a working network and that the user has some experience with them.
* Before continuing, you have to <a href="https://frinxio.github.io/Learning-Labs/labs/01-labs-01-odl-uniconfig-first-steps/">mount</a> a device you want to configure.
* Additional requests that are optional for this lab can be found <a href="https://frinxio.github.io/Learning-Labs/labs/01-labs-01-odl-uniconfig-first-steps/">here.</a>



## Step 1: Create eBGP on a Cisco IOS XRV device via CLI

Once you have completed all the prerequisites (see above), you can move on to creating eBGP.

This lab is made primarily for IOS XRV5 devices, so make sure your device matches.

In the Postman application, look at the left column and select the "Collections" tab, look up "Learning_Lab_part8" where you will find all the requests needed for this lab. For this step, use "configure eBGP" request.

Press "**Send**" to execute the request.

```
PUT

http://{{odl_ip}}:8181/restconf/config/network-topology:network-topology/topology/uniconfig/node/xr5/frinx-uniconfig-topology:configuration/frinx-openconfig-network-instance:network-instances/network-instance/default/protocols/protocol/frinx-openconfig-policy-types:BGP/1
```


The body of the request should look similar to this:

```
{
    "protocol": [
        {
            "name": "1",
            "identifier": "frinx-openconfig-policy-types:BGP",
            "config": {
                "name": "1",
                "identifier": "frinx-openconfig-policy-types:BGP"
            },
            "bgp": {
                "global": {
                    "config": {
                        "as": "1"
                    }
                },
                "neighbors": {
                    "neighbor": [
                        {
                            "neighbor-address": "192.168.1.215",
                            "config": {
                                "neighbor-address": "192.168.1.215",
                                "peer-group": "nbrgroup1",
                                "peer-as": "65000",
                                "enabled": true
                            }
                        }
                    ]
                }
            }
        }
    ]
}
```
You can edit these fields according to your needs:

In "bgp", you can edit the **"as"** field, according to BGP ASN that was probably assigned to you by organization depending on your location, when you asked for it and provided that you need to utilize eBGP. Or you can make use of the pool made for private use (64512 - 65534).

In "neighbors" you can edit all of the fields. You are also free to add more neighbors if you need to.

**"neighbor_address"** as the name suggests is the IP address of a neighbor from another AS. 

**"peer-group"** is a function of BGP that allows you to group BGP neighbors that share the same outbound policies. This allows more efficient update calculations. You are free to remove it if you don't use this function.

**"peer-as"** is the AS number that is used by the neighbor you are adding.


Expected Status code: **201 Created**

In the next step, you will commit this configuration to your device. You can send a dry-run commit before that, as you did in previous labs if you need to.

[>>> Next, head for step 2: Commit the configuration <<<](2.md)

---
If you have any questions regarding this lab or our products in general, contact us at [support@frinx.io](mailto:support@frinx.io)