# FRINX OpenDaylight & UniConfig - Access Lists

In this lab you will learn to create, remove and place access-lists on devices using FRINX OpenDaylight (ODL) with UniConfig. You will also learn how to monitor and confirm that access lists were created, removed or placed on the device.

## Objectives

When you have completed this lab, you will be able to:

* Create a IPV4 and IPV6 access lists.
* Delete them.
* Place them on a interface of your device.
* Validate success of every step along the way.

### Completion Time: DOPLNIT minutes

## Prerequisites

* This lab assumes general knowledge of using a <a href="http://www.https://frinxio.github.io/Learning-Labs/labs/01-labs-01-odl-uniconfig-first-steps/">ODL and Postman</a>
* This lab assumes reader understands how access lists function in a working network and has worked with them before.
* Before continuing, you have to <a href="https://frinxio.github.io/Learning-Labs/labs/01-labs-01-odl-uniconfig-first-steps/1.html">mount</a> a device you want to configure.



## Step 1: Create access list on a Cisco IOS XRV device via CLI

Once you have completed all prerequisites (see above), you begin with creating access list in ODL.

This lab is made for IOS XRV devices, so make sure your device matches.

In the Postman application, look at the left column and select the "Collections" tab, look up "config_enhancements_postman" and under the "Normal case" folder, in "1+2: ipv4 access-list" folder find the "Create ipv4 access-list" POST request.

Press "**Send**" to execute request.



```
POST

http://{{odl_ip}}:8181/restconf/operations/network-topology:network-topology/topology/{{topology_id_cli}}/node/{{node_id}}/yang-ext:mount/cli-unit-generic:execute-and-read
```


The body of the request will look differently based on rules you want to use in the access list, this is just an example:

```
{
  "input" :
  {
     "ios-cli:command" : "conf t
ipv4 access-list ***name_of_the_access_list***
deny ipv4 0.0.0.0 0.255.255.255 any
deny ipv4 any 0.0.0.0 0.255.255.255
permit ipv4 133.217.0.0 0.0.255.255 any
deny tcp any any eq 343
permit ipv4 any any
commit
end"
  }
}
```
Access list is written the same way as if you were traditionally connected to a device and using cli. You can name the access list however you want, using numbered or named way. You can add as many rules as you want. You can make it either standard or extended access list, depending on your needs.

###Creating ipv6 access list works very similarly
Only difference is that you choose "create ipv6 access-list" in your postman environment. Post request should look like this:

Press "**Send**" to execute request.

```
POST

http://{{odl_ip}}:8181/restconf/operations/network-topology:network-topology/topology/{{topology_id_cli}}/node/{{node_id}}/yang-ext:mount/cli-unit-generic:execute-and-read
```
Press "**Send**" to execute request.

The body of the request will look differently based on rules you want to use in the access list, this is just an example:
```
{
  "input" :
  {
     "ios-cli:command" : "conf t
ipv6 access-list ***name_of_the_access_list***
deny icmpv6 any any 133 ttl lt 255
deny ipv6 any 2400:2000:3::/48
permit icmpv6 any any
deny ipv6 ::/8 any
permit ipv6 any any
commit
end"
  }
}
```




Expected Status code: **200 Created**

In the next step, you will sync configuration of a device and operational configuration of ODL.

[>>> Next, head for step 2: Sync from network <<<](2.md)

---
If you have any questions regarding this lab or our products in general, write to us at [support@frinx.io](mailto:support@frinx.io)