# Create a new device in the inventory

In this workflow we will create a device entry in our inventory via the UniConfig UI.

Many customers will choose to import bulk data from other data sources like Excel or CSV files. Many data import tools exist for Elasticsearch (e.g. <a href="https://github.com/knutandre/excelastic">https://github.com/knutandre/excelastic</a>). The import of bulk data is out of scope for this use case. We rather focus on data input via our GUI to demonstrate a simple set of workflows.

Click on: `Workflows`

You’ll be able to search for workflows by **label** and/or **keyword**

***OBRAZOK WORKFLOWS***

Search for `Add_cli_device_to_inventory`. This workflow has the label **INVENTORY**

Click on this workflow and select **“Input”** and fill out the form.

```
id: any unique identifier
type: type of device (e.g. ios, ios xr)
version: version of the device
host: host ip address
protocol: protocol for connection
port: port to connect to
username: credentials to use
password: credentials to use
```

Click on **“Execute”**. A link to the left of the **“Execute”** button should pop up. If you click on it, you’ll be taken to the `Home` ‣ `Workflows` ‣ `Executed` page.

There, you can click on the just executed workflow to see it’s details.

After successful execution of our first workflow, we can see the new device created in Elasticsearch. To see it, go to `Home` ‣ `Inventory` ‣ `Discover`.

***Note***

If you are using Kibana for the first time, you will have to create a new index pattern called “inventory”.

>To create a new index pattern click on ***“Management”*** in the left hand side bar, select ***“Index Patterns”*** and click on the button ***“Create Index Pattern”***. 

>Enter ***“inventory”*** in the index pattern field and click ***“Create”***. 

>Now click on ***“Discover”*** in the left hand side bar and you should see all devices that you have entered in the step before.