# Mount device using FRINX Machine

## Mount all cli devices in inventory

### Open FRINX Unconfig UI (FRINX Machine)

Once your local FRINX Machine is running, open up your browser and go to `[host_ip]:3000`. This is the GUI (UniConfig UI) for managing all of your devices.

If you haven’t done so register with an email address to be able to proceed.

The interface you are presented with should look as follows:


***OBRAZOK S UI HOME***

For now, you will only need to use `Uniconfig UI`, `Workflows`, `Inventory`.

### Mount all cli devices in inventory

***Warning!***
```
If you did this step previously, make sure you unmount all devices before re-executing this workflow. 
If you try mounting an already mounted device, the workflow will fail. 
To unmount all previously mounted devices, execute the following step:
```
1. Go to `Home` ‣ `UniConfig`, mark every device and click “Unmount Device”.

In order to set up the environment for the workflows that follow, it’s necessary for all devices from the inventory to be mounted. To do this, follow these simple instructions:

Go to `Home` ‣ `Workflows` ‣ `Definitions` and search for the workflow called Mount_all_cli_from_inventory. Click on “Input” and then “Execute”. A link on the left hand side of the “Execute” button will pop up. Click on it and wait for the status of all subworkflows to change to “COMPLETED”. This workflow will gather all devices in your inventory and mount each of them.

***OBRAZOK MOUNT ALL CLI FROM INVENTORY***

Now you can verify that these devices are in fact mounted. To do this, go to `Home` ‣ `UniConfig`. You should see something like the following:

***OBRAZOK MOUNT ALL MOUNTED DEVICES***